# PhoneGap Icon Generator

Generate PhoneGap icon and splash screens. Nacho Marin's fork of original tlvince repo, with some updates from the different other forks. I bet we all should collaborate and maintain a single repo in order to avoid confusion.

Nacho Marin also added a modified version of Holly Schinsky's after_prepare hook as posted at
her blog: http://devgirl.org/2013/11/12/three-hooks-your-cordovaphonegap-project-needs/
It has been adapted to collaborate with tlvince's phonegap-icon-splash-generator.sh, including app name detection from config.xml, which is needed as the path where iOS resources need to be copied depends on the application name. 
Gotta copy 030_resource_files.js to hooks/after_prepare in a cordova project and have tlvince's
phonegap-icon-splash-generator.sh in the path. The latter requires convert command from imagemagick (npm -g install imagemagick)

Remember to chmod +x both scripts


## Usage

Takes three position parameters:

1. A path to an icon image. Should be a square with a recommended size of
   2048x2048 in any file format that ImageMagick understands (e.g. `png`, `svg`)
2. A background fill colour hex string (used in splash screens). The icon will
   be centered on top of a single-colored background.
3. *Optional*. A destination directory, otherwise the current working directory.

Copy the resulting `res` directory within your PhoneGap's `www` directory and
merge the provided `config.xml`.

## Dependencies

* `convert` from the ImageMagick package

## Author

Copyright 2012 Tom Vincent <http://tlvince.com/contact>

## License

Released under the [MIT License][license].

  [license]: http://tlvince.mit-license.org/
